Previously
on Billions...
This place doesn't feel
very much like a home to me
right now.
Don't put our home
up for sale.
A very interesting set of
permits just got expedited.
The beneficiary?
One Charles Rhoades, Senior.
Qatar State Bank is going to be
taken off the restricted list
and it's ready to give you
a sweetheart of a loan.
That does bring a grin.
Are you
sure about this?
Got it straight from
the Secretary Of The Treasury.
What do Jock Jeffcoat
and his disciples have on you?
Jock threatened to freeze funds,
delay funds, yank funds.
Axe is coming
for you now.
He said you chose
your father over your business.
I'm sorry
it worked out this way.
My enemies seemed
to have found a way
to aim the government at us
like a nuclear weapon.
Do you have any fucking idea
what you've done?
Hey!
Leave her alone,
you fucking goon!
Fuck you, Bill!
I am gonna
kick your ass!
Let's do it in the ring then,
fucknut!
Any time, any place,
motherfucker!
You're a garbage person,
Wendy.
That's what you are.
It's what you all are!
dramatic music
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dudley Mafee
and Dollar Bill Stearn...
shall meet in this cathedral
of la dolce scienza,
in a bout of pugilism
to satisfy grudges,
to excite the imagination
of the sporting public
and in the good name
of charity.
Shall we discuss
glove weight?
Let's go with 8's.
See some blood.
No headgear, of course.
Of course.
Gotta see the punches land.
Then it's 16's,
jackass.
Do you want them to
break their moneymakers?
Fine. Fuck.
As for the purse
and ticket sales-
Sixty-forty
to the winner,
allocated to the charity
of their choice.
That's a gutless split,
Wagner.
But then, it's gonna be
a sad day in Palookaville
when your washed-up Louis
meets his Marciano.
Sweetheart.
I've known that traitorous dog
Mafee for many years,
and I promise you,
that jaw of his
is fragile as
Murano blown glass.
Blown Glass, that was your
fraternity nickname wasn't it?
Nope.
Algonquin Ass-Eater.
75-25.
Screw it.
Winner take all.
Done.
Care to make a side wager?
Fifty grand?
Thanks, Sparky.
Led Zeppelin's
"In The Evening"
Wake up.
The fuck
are you doing?
Sneaking in here
like Versace!
Versace was the victim.
Cunanan was the killer.
We're here to make you
the killer!
Bill,
who are these men?
Nothing to fear,
miss.
We're just gonna turn
your husband into a man.
In the evening
Lock and load.
This isn't
the easy path!
This is the warpath-
this is your attack on the day!
I can't feel my face.
The effects of
a sedentary lifestyle.
Push through it.
We all have
dragons to fight!
When you can't
feel your face,
that means you need
to go harder!
Tut tut.
Play you for a fool
Bubbler, one-hitter,
indica vape, sativa vape,
gummies, tincture,
Long Bong Holmes.
This one is 20-1 THC/CBD,
great
for creative thinking.
And you want this one...
Which has a ratio of 100-1
for sleep.
I'm in training now so I have to
off-load all my jazz cabbage.
Use 'em in good health.
And get the fuck out of here
before anyone shows up for work.
Awesome, dude.
Much appreciated.
Very sick.
Actually-
One won't hurt,
right?
I mean, it might,
mid-tempo music
Top o' the morning.
You gonna get to it?
Huh?
We just warmed up,
ran the whole loop
and you haven't said shit.
The absolute last thing I need
is a jogging buddy who's less
talkative than Ghost Dog.
I didn't sign up for
the coffee klatch run.
You don't have a lot of
female friends, do you?
Some. I just-I just...don't
keep up with them very much.
Yeah.
Guy friends are easier.
Once you make it clear
that you won't be smashing,
they're like
herding puppies.
How are you
getting out of bed?
Mafee eviscerated you
in front of everyone.
After you'd already been wrecked
by your husband on TV.
Well, Mafee-
I actually earned that.
Fuck no.
Mafee's a child.
And the shit he said to you
was fucking abusive.
I don't know what happened,
but whatever it was,
you were protecting Axe Cap.
And you held firm
as fuck.
Thank you.
I'm glad if
it seemed that way.
But I'm not really
holding very firm.
In any way.
But if I try to talk it out any
more right now...I think-
You'll collapse?
Well we can't
have that.
That's probably enough
sharing for today.
C'mon.
dramatic music
Got you the usual.
Chai for you and
a double espresso for pops.
Only the chai.
You no longer have to
remember the other order.
In fact, I'd prefer
you stop bringing it.
Ah.
Thought you
might be in need of
a hearty breakfast
after your run.
Even got that bread
you like from She Wolf.
This is all either
too soon or too late.
Or maybe it's just a moment
of warmth, of connection.
To show you
I appreciate-
It's like the end of
Speed-The-Plow.
Remember we used to
see plays together?
"Would you of gone to bed with
me, I didn't do your book."
I can't separate the gesture
from the situation.
Uh-huh. And what is
the situation, exactly?
You don't want us
to sell the house.
You want me to remember
it's "home."
But that couple wants to
make us an offer.
And if they come in at our
number, I want us to take it.
soft music
It is "home."
For us and the kids.
It was.
They want to come back
and see the place.
We need to make it available
one night this week.
dramatic music
Live auction?
Yep.
I'm now the proud owner
of Lot B34750942D.
For 860.
Pricey. But worth it if this
goes the way we hope...
dramatic music
Let's talk
fracking-
Nothing to say,
since it's been banned.
But refining
natural gas products
that have been fracked
elsewhere
is still legal
in this state.
So why do you want to be
short the refiners?
Over time they're a loser.
This bullshit is going to
crush our position.
Taylor's driving it down
on purpose. To frag us.
The bill in the state
legislature right now
to ban fracking-
I'm betting it passes...
Fossil fuels
are a dead end.
As was my time
at Axe Capital.
What was
the story there?
You were at one of the most
successful funds ever-
The Celtics were dominant
for a long time,
and then they weren't.
And Bobby Axelrod
is no Larry Bird.
Whoa.
So you went out on your own.
-That's a big move.
-I wasn't going to stick around
while that company ran itself
into the ground.
I was going to launch a new
thing into the stratosphere.
Wait. Wait. Wait-
are you saying
that Axe Capital is driving
itself into the ground?
Bobby Axelrod
was my teacher,
so I have a certain amount
of nostalgic respect for him.
But he's a dinosaur.
So.
Like any good student,
I learned what I could
from him and moved on.
The smart money
will do the same.
The smarter money
will do it first.
Enough of this
fucking horseshit.
You need to cut the head off of
this snake right fucking now.
This aggression
will not stand-
Okay. Personal attacks
aside, thoughts?
Shit.
I'll say it
since the rest of you
are wimpier than
George McFly at prom:
We've got to get out of
our New York refinery positions.
No, Bonnie. That's just
one investor talking.
We can push back.
We'll win this thing.
Wags, figure out
how to use lobbyists
to move the legislature through
regular political channels.
Victor, figure out
how to move 'em your way.
Albany's completely split
on the issue.
It'll likely come down to
the governor, and he's agnostic.
The Street is split too.
Do you have intel?
Not intel. No.
I'm confused.
You're jumping into the scrum
with the score tied.
Based on percentages,
we could get killed.
And you just
put a target on us.
This isn't just about
the refineries, is it?
Correct. This is not the time to
sit back and lick our wounds.
We need to go on the offensive,
dictate the action.
I've never seen you
like this before.
Like?
Cold.
Openly vindictive.
You've also never
seen them cut off
their own father's
head before...
Uh, shit, sorry-
No. You're right.
I wasn't born with
a broadsword in my hand
but I was forced to learn
how to wield one, so I did.
And now I'm going full
Sir Tristram de Lyones
until I pierce Axe's shield
and drive it into
his motherfucking heart.
I do like
the war talk-
I've been thinking about
how they set me up.
Replaying it.
I can't believe how
they targeted the strike
so precisely.
That Wendy was that cold.
She built a psych matrix on you
over years.
That's how she knew
exactly how to hurt you.
Yes. That's right.
She used everything.
It will not
go unreciprocated.
No.
Hang back for now.
We need all our focus
on the refineries.
dramatic music
Axe,
I'm so sorry,
I had no idea
that was gonna happen.
Wh-What was I gonna do?
I couldn't stop it.
Hey. It was good TV,
I'm not blaming you.
But you've got to give me
equal time tomorrow.
Shouldn't be a problem.
One snake's head
ready to be chopped.
Brief me.
Head of the Board of Elections
is deciding
whether to allow
blockchain technology-
voting from
mobile phones.
You could've delegated
this to me.
Business of elections
is my bailiwick.
Got a hanging chad
framed in my study.
You would, Colonel Jackboot.
Nothing like suppressing the
voice of the disenfranchised-
No, we should let people too
lazy or stupid to even register
vote from their cell phones,
so fraud runs rampant-
This needs to be
punted down the road
until tech and security concerns
are better vetted,
so let's just button it up
with a quick 'no'...
Chuck, welcome.
Hap. Uh. I thought this was
to be our meeting-
My apologies, Chuck,
but I'm here on behalf
of the DOJ,
which has grave concerns
about mobile voting-
Uh. You mean
Jock Jeffcoat does.
Yes, he does.
Given our heightened issues
with cybersecurity-
should we really
trust our entire
electoral system
to mobile voting?
I admit, I share the
Attorney General's objection.
Uh-huh.
Well I have an equally pressing
concern-democracy.
And inclusiveness.
Which is why it's vital
we approve mobile voting...
This is about
more people voting.
Which is the American ideal.
It's about what's right.
Which is your
board's mandate, Hap.
Let us seize this opportunity
to be true patriots.
To bring a voice
to those without one.
I propose
a-a pilot program
to test the efficacy
of mobile voting-
We're all moved.
Our hankies are damp.
Well, strong men also cry,
ya know?
Not really crying, Chuck.
We're looking to
rule against.
But thank you
for dropping by.
Yeah,
thanks for coming in.
dramatic music
Perhaps you got to me T.,
with your brimstone.
And perhaps donkeys
will sprout wings
and fly to heaven
every time a fat man burps.
Hmm.
No, this is a litmus.
You want to know what's behind
Jock's opposition to it.
He doesn't do anything
by accident.
You know. Moments like this
remind me of Morgenthau.
Robert Morris?
Hallowed name.
One of the greatest
ever to hold my office.
Before becoming
DA for life.
Well. He came to mind because of
what we could be doing here.
Instead of stopping
people from voting.
You trying out for
community board rep?
Are you trying out for
Sturmbannfuhrer?
I was following a direct order
from my superior-
Exactly what
Herr Adolf Eichmann said
when they caught him
in Argentina-
Don't speak any more
German at me.
Jock told me to go shut it down.
What should I have done?
In American then?
Refuse the order.
Like Dawson and Downey should've
with the code red.
Just...
Mm. Donna said you wanted
the Sunday Salad.
Now I know
what keeps you so fit.
Fucking uncharitable,
Chuck.
What do you want?
Open and fair elections.
Yeah. Well, I'd like to
tap dance like Gregory Hines.
But I have neither the shoes
nor the rhythm to pull that off.
No. You don't have the will.
But I do.
Time to get my blockchain voting
pilot program out of the gates.
Ah, you're not gonna get
a fucking pilot program.
Why so strong against this?
Do you like Jock that much?
Dislike you that much.
My wife. Cheryl.
Lovely woman.
Every year for the past 23 years
I take Cheryl to Aruba.
She relaxes down there,
we reconnect down there.
But this year you decided to
indict 30 of my best friends,
in Albany, merely for doing
what every state senator's
been doing for the past
hundred years-
favor trade for
the betterment of the state.
And now I'll be lucky if
the wife and I can
catch the bus to Belmar.
So. Your thirty crooked
legislators aren't around
to hit you with those
tasty Lulus anymore,
and you're facing a celibate
stay-cation and that's my fault?
I-I didn't say
any of that.
But I do share the DOJ's concern
with election security,
so I'm leaning into
my veto power.
Something I learned
from the old Westerns:
If you're gonna make
a show of strength,
you wanna be sure you're
the real strongman in the room.
Or you make sure that that guy
steps into the fight for you.
Ooh.
So. Jock did get to you.
Ah.
Why is this so important to him,
do you think?
dramatic music
Chew real good, make sure
not to choke on your cud.
Oh. And go buy
those tap shoes.
Cuz sure as
you're standing there,
I'm about to
make you dance.
-Thank you for coming.
-My pleasure.
-Please.
-Thank you.
Are you sure you're ready
for this to become public?
Because that will
inevitably happen
if we continue
on this course.
Absolutely.
The truth needs to come out.
And now it's our
distinct pleasure
to have legendary
Wall Street operator
from Axe Capital Michael Wagner
here with us
to light this year's tree.
Stacy, thank you.
It is an honor to be here
for this great
Wall Street tradition.
And for another
great tradition,
come see this man at
a charity boxing match
for a great cause.
And now...
5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
Let there be lights!
Risin' up,
back on the street
Embrace the pain!
Did my time, took my chances
Is that all you got?!
Yeah.
Show me what you've got,
Mafee!
Go! Get up there!
You got to dig a little deeper!
Dig a little deeper! Come on!
How much longer?
Are you serious right now?
We're just getting
warmed up!
It's the eye of the tiger
Keep that up.
It's the dream of the fight
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
Keep your damn
hands up!
And the last-known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
Ah!
Go, damn it!
Go harder!
I want you to hit him so hard,
I want you to feel
the bones crunch up in his face
in your fist!
Ah!
There you go.
He's gonna feel that one
for sure!
Face to face,
out in the heat
Hangin' tough,
stayin' hungry
They stack the odds till
we take to the street
You got it, Bill.
...with the skill
to survive
There you go.
It's the eye of the tiger
You start hitting
the bag yet?
Risin' up to the challenge
of our rival
-You got this!
-That's it.
You got it!
It's all up here!
Come on!
Let's go!
And he's watchin' us all with
the eye of the tiger
Come on.
This is the best thing for you.
The eye of the tiger
Well. You're supposed to be
the retail specialist.
Yeah. So find me the goddamn
shares off exchange Jerry-
or I'll get someone
who fucking will.
Rough morning
for Jerry.
Made my first move on Saler's.
I bought up 8%.
Yeah. I saw that on the tape,
figured it was you.
Problem is, is that I need over
10% to force the takeover vote
and if I keep sucking them up
in the regular market,
I'll drive the price
through the roof.
I'm trying to have my guy
gather shares
from high net worth families
and indexes.
Well, you know. Maybe,
just maybe this is
the universe sending you
a message
and you should go ahead
and receive it:
That this company's
not for you.
The only message
the universe sends me
is that it's gonna keep
expanding for a while,
so I might as well
expand too.
Look, if anyone can turn this
chain around, it's you...
but why?
There are healthier businesses.
Better choices.
You know I grew up
in a small town.
Yeah. End of the road shit town
is what you called it.
Yeah.
When I was a little kid and
that catalog came in the mail-
it was evidence that there was
a bigger world out there.
Full of everything
you could imagine.
Whatever I could think of,
they sold it.
Yeah. But you wouldn't wear
or use anything they sell now.
That's why I'm going to
turn this bitch around.
So people love it
like I did.
You know, I used to wonder
why I got so rich-
Yeah. Me too. You actually
come up with an answer?
Yeah.
So I could do this.
Show young girls that they don't
have to just dream about
shopping at
some department store.
They can buy
the whole company.
dramatic music
Well.
Then go do it.
Dad, I need you to juice me in
with the tribe.
Son, I'm surprised.
You've worked alongside
the Hebrews your entire career.
You know, there was
a nasty rumor once
about my grandfather being
of Ukrainian extraction-
No, Dad.
The Cayuga Iroquois.
My casino Indians?
A mere three-word sentence,
yet myriad problems
with it.
You partnered with them
on the land around the casino
in Kingsford.
Yeah?
Are you still on good terms?
Couldn't be better.
What is this about?
Blockchain voting.
From cell phones.
My man compiled a list of groups
that applied for mobile voting.
As it turns out,
people want to vote.
The results of
those requests though:
Military overseas, denied.
Rural townships, denied.
Indigenous peoples.
Like my Indians.
Sure. Fine.
Okay. Fantastic.
I don't care to
correct you again
'cause it'll just
make you go darker.
I want to set up a pilot program
to help them.
And to fuck Jock.
For that, I will
set up a meeting.
Smashing.
Thank you.
The vigorish serves
the poor, the hungry,
those that none of you
actually care about,
but the winnings-
the blue cheese,
or white meat or cake-
that goes to you.
The book is open.
Come-n-geddit.
You can buy a round,
you can buy time on canvas.
All action booked,
booked and paid.
Pay the doctors, boy.
Thank you.
C'mere.
Me?
You seem fit.
I need you to hit me.
Uh, no.
Don't worry,
I won't hit you back.
You'll be doing me a favor,
I need to practice
my head movements.
Wing some hooks at me.
I took piano.
What? You're worried about
your dainty hands,
like you're a fucking
neurosurgeon?
I'll do it.
Come on. Let's go.
mid-tempo music
Great. C'mon.
Who wants a parlay?
Who wants odds? Who wants...
Okay, I'm going to
bob and slip-
Ahh!
What's the thing?
Dollar Bill is sparring.
With Bonnie.
If she was
going in the ring,
this thing would be over
in the first round.
By knockout.
I can't go out there.
Not like this...
It's okay, Baby Billy.
You're kinda fucked up
about this, huh?
If you can connect on me
like that,
what's gonna happen
in the ring?
I sucker-punched you.
And I only landed a few...
dozen after that...
But I knew
you wouldn't hit back.
Mafee won't have
that luxury.
I know but...
he's got the young legs,
and a longer reach and...
And those younger legs.
Now that's just
downright mean.
I just want to carry
the Axe Cap torch,
you know?
Win for you guys.
Mafee may have youth
on his side,
but so did Donny Lalonde
when he lost the title
to Sugar Ray Leonard.
I'm Sugar Ray?
Totally.
You're gonna win because
you've got more heart.
We're dead.
Yup.
Uh. Your visitor from
the Medical Board is here.
Oh. Send him in.
Dr. Rhoades.
Dr. Zhang.
So good to see you.
Sit down.
Thank you for
making the time.
Happy to.
Whatever you need.
Some questions.
What is
your exact title?
Performance coach
and Head of HR.
And you prescribe
medication?
When necessary.
And you have private
one-on-one sessions
with employees here?
With some.
For some it's just occasional,
others not at all.
We don't force anybody.
dramatic music
And how personal would you say
these sessions are?
You're not here to ask me to
speak at a conference, are you?
Forgive me. I should have been
more clear when I called.
Dr. Rhoades, your medical
license is under review.
I'm sorry. Why?
There have been
accusations of malpractice.
Ethical misconduct,
misuse of confidential records.
At this time,
I'm not permitted
to disclose the source
of the allegations.
You have rights.
Eventually you will appear
before the Board for a hearing.
We will decide
whether or not to revoke.
dramatic music
Hey. You here to prep me
on Halftime Report?
What's the matter
with you?
You're not the only one
Taylor took aim at.
They reported me
to the Medical Board.
I might
lose my license.
Fuck.
You're going to fight this.
Am I?
I almost
spilled everything.
I didn't, obviously.
I thought about what you would
do and kept my mouth shut.
Good!
But if I was on that board,
I'd strip me.
I'd skin me.
I wasn't careless
with my records,
and I didn't just
hover on the sideline
while you and Chuck
executed some revenge move.
I drew up the play, called my
own number and ran it myself.
Are you done?
I violated
a patient's trust.
Taylor attacked, and you
just stood your ground-
it's what we do.
So self-immolate later.
Or better never.
You are
Doctor Wendy Fucking Rhoades.
No one's taking
your license.
And even if they did-
what does it matter?
You're still the best
at what you do.
Thank you.
Oh, we were supposed to be
prepping Halftime Report.
Don't worry about it,
I know what I want to say.
Axe,
so I'm sure you know,
Taylor Mason was just
on the show.
Taylor's got a sharp mind.
I saw it right away,
cultivated it.
Unfortunately I had to
show them the door
once their ethics
became clear.
What are you saying?
Be more explicit.
That they're dirty?
Oh come on, that's bullshit.
Put it this way:
you either want to be in bed
with the Russian oligarchs
or you don't-
Didn't Taylor
meet him through you?
Yes. Yes,
and when I refused to
take his money on board,
because I didn't feel good
about where it came from,
Taylor didn't hesitate
to grab it.
And then they lost
all the money anyway.
Look, look, a person
who'd sell out
their own father-
there's a chip missing there,
you know what I mean?
You got
specifics on that?
Well. There was a rumor-
you know, their-
their father had a company,
and Taylor flipped it
for their own profit.
Bottom line is this,
it's a relationship
business.
Now, they can call me
a dinosaur if they want,
but loyalty is still
a very important quality to me.
And Taylor Mason, unfortunately,
is someone you can't trust.
Axe. Really great to have
you on-We appreciate it.
Sure.
Yeah. It's been great having-
Yeah?
Taylor just called in.
Axe, we did not
plan this.
I swear, we would
never ambush you.
You want to
get out of here?
No. No. Put them on.
It'll be fun.
Ready?
Ready.
Okay. Uh.
Taylor, welcome back.
I know
you want to respond
to some of these things...
Axe is on the defensive
because he knows
he's dead wrong about
the fracking refineries.
We've all heard
the horror stories:
lightning coming out of
faucets, earthquakes.
New York State
banned fracking because
it's not safe to take the stuff
out of the ground.
So why's it a good idea to
truck it in from Pennsylvania?
Taylor, you're smarter
than that.
The whole flames thing
is an urban legend,
this whole thing
is safe,
and you don't care
about safe anyway.
You're just talking your book.
-Yeah.
That's more
your style, Axe.
I talk numbers and facts.
I don't lobby
behind the scenes.
Or pretend
I fired someone
who bested me
every which way.
Besting me?
Is that what you're calling
lying and pilfering?
With nothing to show for it,
by the way.
You mean besides
the Firefighters Fund?
The jewel in your
crown, and they came to me.
They were finally fed up
with your legal troubles-
not to mention the killing
you made on 9/11,
profiting from tragedy.
You are way
out of your depth.
I've been crushing the S&P
since you were in
fucking footie pajamas-
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa-
-Yeah!
-Fuck, yeah!
And now you're about to take
a bath on the refineries,
so you're coming on TV
to kill the stock.
Guys. Maybe-
Taylor, the fact is,
you stabbed me
in the back.
You're down
a few billion AUM
and now you're
trying to salvage
your tanking company
by attacking me.
But I'm gonna kick your ass
in the energy sector,
same way I'm gonna
kick your ass in the ring.
Hold on. Hold on now-
for our audience at home
that doesn't know
what's going on-
he's not literally going to
beat Taylor up.
Their traders are about to
slug it out for charity.
You know what?
I'll bet Taylor
one million dollars
that my man beats theirs.
Two million
he knocks him out.
Taylor, you want
to respond to that?
I don't negotiate with bullies.
He's trying to box me in.
But I have a choice.
And it's one
many on the Street
are starting to recognize
and take.
And that is: to not do
business with Bobby Axelrod.
It's why
I left Axe Cap,
and why many of his investors
are fleeing too.
Taylor, you're-
Hey. Sorry.
Sorry guys,
we've gotta wrap it up,
it's been interesting
to say the least...
Well. Fucking. Done.
Thank you for
the firefighter prompt.
Your timing was perfect.
I'm happy it was useful.
As the adrenaline recedes,
I'm starting to get
a new perspective.
That didn't actually
go so well, did it?
Depends.
Were you aiming to be
the Henry Rollins
of Wall Street?
All aggro rage.
I'm not sure that's gonna help
your fracking position.
This is all my fault.
I'm sorry I didn't have my shit
together earlier.
Lobbying ain't gonna
be enough.
Not by the usual methods.
We need to do more.
Thank you for seeing me,
council member Halftown.
I'm here because
I will not sit idly by
while your civil rights
are being hijacked.
Your people need
better access to voting.
I know in the past
you've taken action,
applied for mobile voting
programs but were denied.
Now. As Attorney General,
I can help you make it happen.
As your wise predecessor,
Wilma Mankiller said,
"Leaders are encouraged to
remember seven generations
in the past
and consider seven generations
in the future
when making decisions
that affect the people."
She was Cherokee.
I'm Haudenosaunee.
That would be like me citing
Vince Neil to sell you.
Does Vince Neil
speak to who you are?
Some days.
Mr. Rhoades,
you want me to lobby
the elections board
for you.
Why would I do that for
the people who chiseled us
on the land deal
surrounding the casino?
Chiseled? I thought
'partnership' was more-
Your father has tasted
the fruits of our tribe
in a way that makes us
disinclined
to trust either
him or you.
Well...
There she is.
Ah.
Look at that chin.
I know that chin.
Adorable.
A champion.
She is.
My father will sweeten
your piece on Kingsford
to what you feel
is fair...
Fine. Whatever my overly
generous son needs.
As for
your pilot program.
Send me your proposal.
Then we'll see.
Much appreciated.
Is that my little sister,
for Chrissakes?
Don't worry, Sonny, you'll
always be my only child.
I could use
your counsel.
Turning the tables.
I've been offered
an opportunity
in media technology
that utilizes blockchain.
I'd never ask you
to interfere.
But any intel...
You should proceed-
alternate uses of blockchain
have a future.
Even though Connerty
and your big boss
are trying to shut it down?
Mm.
Chuck Rhoades is lined up
on the other side.
Let's just say he's a little
more motivated on the issue.
I know it's uncomfortable,
these places where my business
and your career intersect.
I am uncomfortable,
but that's not why.
When I helped get Chuck ejected,
it was for the right reasons.
Open the window,
let in some light, some air.
It's still stuffy
as hell in here.
Just promise
you'll leave this place
before you become
so conditioned
you can't function
anywhere else.
You remember when I was a kid,
on my birthday,
and you'd spin me around
before I hit the piñata?
Sometimes I'd be so dizzy
from all the turning,
I'd end up
just smacking the air.
That's what
I'm feeling like lately.
Just all revved up
to hit something,
but I just can't
lock in on the target.
Then what you need
to do is this:
Take the blindfold off,
wait 'til the brain-fog lifts,
choose your target,
swing as hard as you can,
and take its head off.
dramatic music
So, what is so important
you got to drag me-
Oh, shit.
Don't make me have my people
put these on.
Thirty of my
compatriots in full regalia.
Don't make me
give interviews
about how you are
refusing us the vote.
Don't make me stage
a sit-in at your office-
You're shoving a fucking
arrowhead up my ass?
Oh. How dare you, sir.
Besides,
I'm not shoving it.
You'd be sitting down on it,
of your own accord.
Oh.
But at your weight,
that's where it would
end up for sure.
Oh. So you're
allowed to be insensitive
but I'm not?
Yes.
Fuck.
Yeah. You've got
your pilot program.
Hey.
It's not all stick.
In this envelope
you'll find tickets
and hotel confirmations
for you and the missus.
Aruba.
All expenses paid.
We did some good for
my people just now.
And you are going to
do some good
for one specific little girl,
aren't you.
The 529 college plan
is being funded as we speak.
Okay.
Tell me what we can salvage
and what we can't.
Lobbyists tell me
the can'ts are dominating.
I'd call it
50-50 right now.
It's going to come down
to the governor.
Victor?
He's leaning hard, Axe,
but his guys aren't bending.
He says it's going to
come down to the governor.
What do those two
want to tell me?
That if we sell now,
we can replace the stock
with deep in-the-money
call options.
We'd still realize losses but
we'd be capped on the downside.
Then for their own safety,
they'd better not fucking
set foot in this office.
dramatic music
Okay. Well if it's going to
come down to the governor,
then let's get to
the governor.
Hi, Chuck...
Meet Governor Sweeney
under other auspices,
not fracking...
...but something that
plays to his ego.
Give him no reason
to think you're lobbying
for anything
in particular.
Just that you're
a well-heeled supporter.
Governor.
Pleasure to meet you.
Uh. Am I
the first one here?
Why don't you draw chips
for everyone in the room
so they can all play
on the house.
He means:
give us privacy. Huh?
I cooked a hell of a meal
for you guys.
I'm gonna serve you now.
Come on.
So. Uh.
I thought there were
13 of us.
I only count three plates.
That's right.
This is a donor dinner,
right?
It is.
Except instead of twelve people
at 100k a plate,
I thought
I'd keep it simple.
Write your Super PAC one check
for the full 1.2 mil.
Huh. Clever.
But I'm not getting involved
in the refineries.
Well. That's what
we thought you'd say.
We?
Oh. Jesus, Mary
and Sainted Joseph
the good and kind carpenter.
And like them,
now we are three.
Okay. I see how
this is going to go.
I'm gonna say no and-let me
guess-uh, teachers' strike?
No. Nurses? Or you're gonna
release my tax returns?
Or I'm gonna find Khartoum's
head in my fucking bed?
No horses need be harmed
in the making of this picture.
The universe is kind,
Governor.
Patiently providing
opportunities
to learn what you failed to
in the past.
Yeah. I'm slow, Chuck,
but I'm not that slow.
You guys are gonna win this one,
probably already have,
so I am going to choose
carrot this time.
What'll you have?
Let's fast forward
through the haggling.
This check is sitting here
on this plate.
You'll probably tell me
that the other side
can give you
the same amount.
So why don't you tell me
what you need to get this done.
The keynote slot
at the next meeting
of the National Governors
Association.
Splashy. A springboard to
the presidential. Yeah.
You'll have it.
Really?
Just like that? Huh?
No, it'll be expensive
and a total pain in the ass.
But you'll have it.
Fine.
Then I will, uh,
make sure that
the refineries loophole
stays open.
Great, and why not
put a ring on it
and legalize
the whole damn thing.
Lift the fracking ban?
If you're gonna do a thing,
do it all the way.
Well, I mean,
the environmentalists
will have a field day-
Think of the Upstate jobs.
The tax revenue.
All right, I'll, uh-
I'll...do my best.
Do better than that.
I just gave you
1.2 million soldiers.
That should help.
dramatic music
Put your fucking forks down.
We're leaving.
Hey!
Chow time.
...And so, General,
with the Native Americans
prepared to get vocal,
the news on
mobile voting isn't good.
I thought Sam Houston
and the Texas Rangers
took care of this shit
a hundred and fifty years ago.
Looks like they left you
some work to do.
Whatever you need me to do,
I'm ready.
Find a way to introduce
an infected blanket,
like good ol'
Lord Jeff Amherst.
dramatic music
Steven.
Hey.
Whoa.
I'm glad we could finally
get this on the books.
Yeah. Wendy,
it's great to see you.
Um. Listen...my counter-intel
has found out
that you're having some problems
with your medical license?
And my board doesn't think
it's such a good idea
for me to be
coached by you.
Oh.
Can we sit?
Yeah. Of course.
This is exactly the kind of
thing we need to start with.
It sounds like
your board is
flexing its muscles,
exerting pressure.
And you gave into it.
I guess.
Let's talk about that.
Why do you think
your board has
that kind of influence
over you-
Wendy...I-I see
what you're doing.
And I'm going to
stop you right there.
My board has stated that
I can't have a session
with a doctor who's facing
an ethics hearing.
It'll make me seem
as sketchy as you.
rock music
Hey, Frank.
How are you?
How are you, Jeff?
How you doing?
You made it.
Got money on your man, Axe.
Meet Rebecca Cantu.
Hi.
Rebecca. Jim Chanos.
How are you?
Pleasure.
Charles.
You look amazing.
You're the man.
Yeah. You look fabulous.
I'll see this weekend?
Awesome.
Axe with
the first grenade
he launched at
your father's company.
Rebecca Cantu.
That's more than
a business relationship.
Hmm.
Wendy Rhoades,
on your six.
dramatic music
You reported me
to the Medical Board?
Yes, I did.
Are you going to say
it wasn't warranted?
Please. Neither of us
is blameless.
I think we both did things
I'd say were pretty fucked up-
The difference is:
I didn't use
your most intimate secrets
to destroy your family.
But you went crying to the
principal's office-dick move.
C'mon,
let's find our seats.
I apologize.
That was the first action I've
taken without your clearance.
It will be the last-
You're worried I'm upset
because you disobeyed me.
But I know why you did it-
to defend me.
And I appreciate it.
I-I don't-I don't think
I can stay for this...
I'll go with you.
Let's get an Uber.
dramatic music
Just remember,
you've prepared enough to win
as long as
you don't rush it.
So, breathe and focus.
Just knock him out.
No matter what happens,
know that I am beside myself
with gratitude and pride.
Asking you to come with me was
the best decision I ever made.
Fuck. No way I can beg out
of the fight after that.
Now fucking
slaughter him.
Bloomberg alert.
Governor's about to
announce on fracking.
Oh, well.
Seems only right that
we should watch his decision
come down together.
My thought exactly.
Jed, we struck oil!
Fracking. Is. Legal!
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
-Look at that! Yeah!
-Yes!
Yeah!
What the fuck?
What don't I know?
What's the one thing you need
most when fracking?
We've got our lot...
And the agua is ours.
You bought up
the fucking water rights.
My short position was
actually quite small.
Just enough to get on
the tote board.
You baited me.
You needed
fracking to happen
and so you used me
to make sure that it did.
I certainly couldn't
be seen doing it.
Yet fact,
I made it happen.
So while you'll profit, it's
only fair I make more than you.
I taught you well.
I see that taking credit
for my success
in the midst of defeat
is a kind of balm.
So you go on ahead.
And if you still care to make
a wager on the fight,
I'll do a million
at a buck fifty-to one.
Booked.
Ladies and gentlemen,
fans of the glove game
from around the globe-
welcome to Fight Night!
-Champ! Reigning champ!
-One, two.
-One, two, three.
-You're the best ever.
Style is impetuous...
-Slip!
...your defense is
impregnable...
I smoke on the mic
like smoking Joe Frazier
One, two. One, two.
Thanks, Champ.
We have one more reason
to level these motherfuckers.
Bury him, I buy you two new
houses-one for each wife.
I will, boss.
Damn right he is.
dramatic music
Let's go, baby.
Let's go.
-One, two, three.
-Ah!
-One, two. Jab, jab.
-Ya!
-There you go, baby.
-Ow!
With all the pageantry
and respect
due an event of this magnitude,
here come the fighters.
First in the ring,
Dudley Mafee.
Ah, yes,
the Mauler from Aurora
heading into the ring
at 6'2".
What do you think,
about 218 pounds?
218. That was
the same exact weight
that Tyson was
in his prime.
A very different 218
on the "Iron Mike" Tyson,
Bob, very different.
Next up,
Dollar Bill Stearn.
Getting more of a George
"The Animal" Steele vibe
from this one.
I agree.
There appears to be a little bit
of the animal in this guy.
Amazing.
Axe got Deontay Wilder
in Dollar Bill's corner.
And over
on Team Mafee,
we've got UFC heavyweight champ
Stipe Miocic.
Dollar Bill!
And there's the bell.
All right,
and we're under way.
-We're under way.
-You got this, baby!
And...we're waiting
for someone to get hit.
Ohh!
AC/DC's "T.N.T."
Go! Go! Go! Go!
'Cause I'm T.N.T.
Oh!
I'm dynamite T.N.T.
And I'll win the fight
Dollar!
T.N.T.
Dollar Bill
doesn't follow up.
He just moves back
and celebrates.
T.N.T.
Watch me explode
Oh!
I'm dirty, mean,
and mighty unclean
Not entirely legal, but it's
the first guy to go down.
Public enemy number one
Fuck his ass up!
Understand
Well, patty-cake, and then
there's a baker's man.
Lock up your wife
And with that, Rich,
he just punched him
right in the fucking dick.
Oh, shit.
Again, not entirely legal.
The man is back in town
Don't you mess me 'round
Both of them
losing a lot of energy.
You can tell they're
dripping sweat from everywhere.
They're out of shape.
They're all fucked up.
T.N.T.
-Ohh!
-Come on!
T.N.T.
That's not legal.
I'm gonna be honest, viewers.
This is probably one of
the pussiest fights
I've ever seen in my life.
Oi, oi, oi
T.N.T.
They stopped
fighting before the bell.
I'm dynamite, T.N.T.
And now
Maffe's vomiting.
Ugh.
You got to keep going
right now!
Let's go!
Make it happen!
-Keep going!
-You got to keep going!
T.N.T.
That's
the Bald Bull Charge
from
Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!
All right, this is
quickly becoming a farce here.
Come on!
What is
going on here?
This looks like an audition for
the fucking Walking Dead.
Axe cannot be
happy about this.
Down goes
Dollar Bill.
-Just fucking stand up!
-Get up, Bill!
Stand up!
And Mafee is
trying to pull himself up,
but he's toast.
-Dig deep right now!
-Get up!
Let's go. Get up.
Get the fuck up. Let's go.
We have
two fighters down.
And the round
hasn't even started.
There's
a concession stand in the ring.
This is beyond pathetic,
Bob.
I think they're calling it
a double loss?
When you talk about
the shitbag titty fuck
of the night-
that's another fucking draw.
Ain't gonna be
no rematch.
Don't want one.
Gentlemen, gentlemen,
you will get your money back.
I will do it one at a...
Why's he so happy?
Fight was a draw.
He had push.
I won.
I motherfucking won.
I am a winner.
Because I win.
I motherfucking win.
Not bad.
Mm.
We could blow out that wall,
make a great room.
-Mm-hmm.
Or a man cave for you.
Also just rip up this island
and just flip the whole kitchen.
Yeah. We're gonna re-do
all the floors anyway,
they're like from the '90s-
Sorry, I thought
we'd be done by now.
It's just so great.
We love it.
Nice to meet you.
When are you due?
Next month.
Mm. Your first?
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
Good luck.
Thank you.
dramatic music
...Well,
there they were.
We're really going to
sell to them-
So they can come in here
and tear this place apart.
I know you saw those cigars
in his pocket.
He'll be
puffing up a storm.
Whole place
will smell like it.
You're right.
Like it or not,
this is our home.
Was...
And I don't think
I want them living in it.
So we take it
off the market?
Maybe.
Oh, Wend,
oh, I was hoping
you'd say that.
And does that mean
I can, uh, move back
in to the bedroom?
Let's take it one step
at a time, Chuck.
Thank you.
It's no big deal.
You had a shitty,
shitty night.
After a couple of
shitty days.
And you actually took the time
to buy up the shares I needed.
Yeah. I found an index fund
to release a block to me.
There's something for me
in this too.
We combine our shares,
you get to make your takeover
move on Saler's,
and I get a board seat.
I knew it was
important to you...
And so it begins.
Yeah.
Now I'm at
the starting line.
soft music
Why are you
on my site?
Site's closed until
further notice.
The fuck
is this all about?
Security reasons.
This is what
it's about, Dad.
dramatic music
Counterterrorism,
drug enforcement, gangs.
Those illustrious
task forces
are why you are
the nation's finest.
Yes, Mr. Attorney General.
They're the pride of the NYPD.
Yeah. Which is why
I'm pulling 'em.
That prestigious work-
and the deep pocket
funding of it-
will be going instead to
your neighbors in New Jersey.
Now, that might not
make you look too good...
Jesus-
unless what?
I guess this voting thing
does matter that much to 'em.
Then you better
fucking fix it.
Ohhh, I'll fix it.
Like Lyndon Johnson
did the South.
AC/DC's "T.N.T."
Oi, oi, oi
For my own
fucking reasons.
Oi, oi, oi
See me ride out of
the sunset
On your color TV screen
Out for all that I can get
If you know what I mean
Women to the left of me
And women to the right
Ain't got no gun
Ain't got no knife
Don't you start no fight
'Cause I'm T.N.T.
I'm dynamite
T.N.T.
And I'll win the fight
I'm a power load
T.N.T.
Watch me explode
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org